Hey, guys, what's up?
This was a marathon, and I welcome you to another degree on this course on Aruba and in this story,
we are going to be talking about a very interesting, very easy topic that is commenced, commence in
your Aruba court are basically notes and annotations meant to be read by other programmers.
Now, the comments themselves are ignored by the Aruba interpreters.
So the text inside the comment is not subjected to any kind of restriction.
You can do whatever you want to do in it.
It's usually good from to put, let's say, comments before classes and methods, as well as any piece
of code that may be complex or unclear.
For someone who is not familiar to your code.
And then you can add comments so that someone else who is not a part of the programming team later when
he sees your code, he might be able to understand what is going on using comments.
So how you can basically use comments effectively, no comments should be used to give the background
information or annotate difficult court notes that simply say what the next line of a straight forward
court does that are not only obvious, but also add the letter to the file.
Now, it's important to take care not to use too many comments and be sure the comments made in the
file are meaningful and helpful to other programmers.
Not, for example, if you just assign a value, let's say, equal to five, then you don't have to
add a comment for that and tell someone that this is basically assignment and the value up is now going
to be quantified because it is understandable.
But all you have to only add comments add for something that is kind of difficult and you think that
someone might not understand it.
Now there is a concept that is the Shiban concept.
Now you will notice that all Ruby program starts with a comment that begins with a hashtag Galán.
Now, this is called a shebang, and it is used in Linux, UNIX and OS operating systems.
And when you execute a Ruby script, the shell will look for the shebang of the first line of the file.
The shell will then use the shebang to find the ruby interpretor and run the script.
Now there are two kinds of commands you can make in your ruby called.
The first one is the single line or Ruby Command.
Know that Ruby single line commands begin with a hash tag character and it ends at the end of the line.
Now.
Any character from the hashtag correct at the end of the line are completely ignored by the interpreter
and as I told you before, you can do whatever you want to do it with it.
So the text inside the comment is not subjected to any kind of restriction.
Now, the hashtag character does not necessarily have to occur at the beginning of the line, it can
incur anywhere in your court.
Now, the second type of comment you may come across in Ruby are the multiline comments too often forgotten
by many Ruby programers.
Ruby does have this multiline commence, a multiline commence begin with the equal to begin token,
and it ends with equal to end token as these tokens should start at the beginning of the line and be
the only thing on the line.
Anything between these two tokens is going to be ignored by the Ruby interpreter interpretor.
So now let me just show you quick examples of how single line anchorman's and multi comments are used
practically on my compiler so that all you start on with a hash tag and now whatever you type in over
here is simply going to be ignored.
If you just press R plus I run the score, you can see that nothing has been outputted on the screen.
Now, as I told you, it is not necessary that a single line command starts at the start of the line.
For example, you can just, let's say put and then you can just add something like Hello Wood.
And after that you can just specify something like, let's just remove this from here.
And let's say I want to say that this will prevent something.
All right, so now the press outlets are you can see that Helen has been printed and this has been completely
ignored by your compiler not to add multiline comments, what you can do is that you can use the equal
to.
Big and Dogen, and then you can use equal to and going to end this now.
Anything you write in between these may be any number of lines, it is going to be simply ignored by
your compiler.
So, for example, if I just run this, you can see how the word has been printed and whatever is written
here is completely ignored here.
So as I told you that it is necessary that it starts at the end of the line and it starts at the start
of the line and it also ends at the start of the line.
For example, if I just remove this from here, let's say I just added added over here.
Now, as you can see, that the color basically indicates that this is not right, if I just press all
are you can see that some error message is generated by the ATM runner.
So this means that this has to be at the start of the line, which is not the case with a single line
command.
You can add them anywhere at the start of the line after some good which has been written like Botella
Word.
But for multiline command, this is a basic condition that it should start at the start of the line
and it should also end at the start of the line.
So this is basically how comments are used and comments are very important for documentation and why
the documentation, important documentation is basically important so that anyone else want to read
your code.
May it become easy for them to read and understand your code when he reads out the comments on your
code, so I guess that's clearing up because that was a very simple tutorial.
So I guess that's it, this tutorial as well.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.